{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Implant Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
 \
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Cosmetic Dentures\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 A well made denture is not only comfortable and functions properly; it also allows the wearer to smile with confidence, knowing that their smile is no different than it would be with natural teeth. Creating a cosmetic denture is really an art in the hands of a skilled dentist like Dr. Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime.\
 \
Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Smile-Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
 \
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Porcelain Crowns & Bridges\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Protect and keep badly decayed or fractured teeth while maintaining a beautiful smile. Made to perfectly match the shape and shade of your other teeth, they\'92re durable, strong, and undetectable.\
 \
Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 These \'93invisible\'94 aligners are the latest in orthodontic technology for adults and teens. Straight teeth and a revitalized smile no longer need to come from a mouth full of unattractive wire and bracket braces. Enhancing self-esteem and physical confidence, invisible braces offer an esthetic and barely visible alternative to conventional wire/bracket braces.\
 \
Get the smile you've always wanted with Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}