{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww15860\viewh20180\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Implant Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
 \
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Composite Fillings\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 The common silver filling contains mercury. Dr. Smith uses the highest-quality biocompatible, tooth-colored restorations to create healthy, beautiful smiles.\uc0\u8203  Since the composite material adheres directly to the tooth enamel, less preparation of the tooth is required before using it. This means it is more durable and provides a more natural-looking result.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Smile Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
 \
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Prevention & Gum Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 By actively preventing disease and decay through regular home care, professional dental cleanings and regular exams, you will maintain a healthy, beautiful smile for life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sealants\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Normal pits and grooves on the chewing surfaces of back teeth can trap food that can\'92t easily be removed with brushing. A sealant is a tough tooth-colored material that is designed to bond to tooth enamel. These sealants are painted on to the tooth surface to seal these pits and grooves and protect against decay. We recommend applying these to children\'92s teeth once they have permanent back teeth in place. They can also be useful to adults in some situations.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Digital X-Rays (or Digital Radiography)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Our use of digital x-ray technology reduces your radiation exposure and eliminates the use of chemicals. It\'92s better for you and the environment.\
 \
It's also easy for you to see what the doctor sees. Your digital x-ray can be seen on a computer screen located next to your dental chair. This helps you understand your needs and make informed choices about your treatment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}